White Russian:Old Fashioned glass:2/3 oz. Kahlua 1 2/3 oz. Vodka 1 oz. Cream:Pour coffee liqueur and vodka into an old fashioned glass filled with ice. Float the cream on top and stir slowly.:Kahlua:Vodka:Cream
Diamond Margarita:Coupe:1 oz. Liqueur, orange 1 oz. Tequila, gold 1 oz. Tequila, white 1 oz. Triple Sec 1 oz. Lime Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into glass.:Liqueur, orange:Tequila, gold:Tequila, white:Triple Sec:Lime Juice
Mai Tai:Highball glass:1/2 oz. Curacao, orange 1 oz. Rum, dark 1 oz. Rum, light 1/3 oz. (fresh) Lime Juice 1/2 oz. Orgeat Syrup 1/6 oz. Sugar Syrup:Shake everything except the dark rum in a shaker filled with ice.  Strain into a highball glass over crushed ice. Float with the rum and garnish with a pineapple spear, lime peel and a straw.:Curacao, orange:Rum, dark:Rum, light:Lime Juice:Orgeat Syrup:Sugar Syrup
Tom Collins:Collins glass:2 oz. Gin Fill with Carbonated Water/Club Soda 1 oz. Lemon Juice 1 whole Cherries/Maraschinos 1 tsp. Sugar, powdered 1 slice Oranges:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a collins glass with ice and garnish with an orange slice and a maraschino cherry.:Gin:Carbonated Water/Club Soda:Lemon Juice:Cherries/Maraschinos:Sugar, powdered:Oranges
Mike's Bloody Mary:Highball glass:3 oz. Vodka 1 1/2 oz. Pickle Juice 5 oz. Tomato Juice 2 dashes Pepper, white 1 pinch (celery) Salt 1/2 tsp. Horseradish 3 drops Steak Sauce 6 drops Tabasco Sauce 3 drops Worcestershire Sauce:Fill glass with ice.  Add vodka, celery salt, pepper, hot sauce, steak sauce and worcestershire.  Add pickle juice (or try pepper juice) and then tomato juice.  Stir, then add horseradish and stir again.  Celery, pickels, and olives make great garnish!:Vodka:Pickle Juice:Tomato Juice:Pepper, white:Salt:Horseradish:Steak Sauce:Tabasco Sauce:Worcestershire Sauce
Black Russian:Old Fashioned glass:2/3 oz. Liqueur, coffee 1 2/3 oz. Vodka:Build over ice in a rocks glass.:Liqueur, coffee:Vodka
Mojito:Highball glass:1 1/3 oz. Rum, light Fill with Carbonated Water/Club Soda 1 oz. Lime Juice 2 wedges Lime 12 pieces (leaves) Mint 1 1/2 oz. Sugar Syrup:Gently muddle the lime juice, mint leaves, and sugar syrup together at the bottom of the glass.  Fill the glass with ice, then slowly add the rum.  Fill with soda and stir gently to bring the leaves upwards into the mixture.  Optionally add lime wedges as an addition garnish.:Rum, light:Carbonated Water/Club Soda:Lime Juice:Lime:Mint:Sugar Syrup
Bloody Mary:Old Fashioned glass:1 1/2 oz. Vodka 1/2 oz. Lemon Juice 3 oz. Tomato Juice 1 dash Salt 1 dash Tabasco Sauce 1 dash Worcestershire Sauce:Add dashes of salt and pepper, Tabasco and Worcestershire to a highball glass, then add other ingredients. Stir gently. Garnish with a celery stalk and a lemon wedge.:Vodka:Lemon Juice:Tomato Juice:Salt:Tabasco Sauce:Worcestershire Sauce
Tropical Hooter:Hurricane glass:1 oz. Liqueur, melon 1 oz. Rum, coconut ( Malibu ) 2 oz. Cranberry Juice 2 oz. Pineapple Juice:Mix ingredients over ice in glass. Shake if preferred.:Liqueur, melon:Rum, coconut ( Malibu ):Cranberry Juice:Pineapple Juice
Gladiator:Old Fashioned glass:1/2 oz. Amaretto 1/2 oz. Southern Comfort Fill, 1/2 7-up Fill, 1/2 Orange Juice:In a shot glass, combine 1/2 oz. Amaretto and 1/2 oz. Southern Comfort. Place shot glass in a highball glass. Fill half-way to shot glass with 7-Up, fill to just below top of shot glass with Orange Juice. Shoot it.:Amaretto:Southern Comfort:7-up:Orange Juice
Chi-Chi:Highball glass:1/2 oz. Brandy, blackberry 1 1/2 oz. Rum, light 1 oz. Cream of coconut 4 oz. Pineapple Juice 1 slice Pineapple 1/2 Cup Ice Top with Whipped cream:Chill a highball glass.  Blend rum, pineapple juice, cream of coconut and ice in a bar blender.  Pour into the chilled glass over ice cubes.  Layer the brandy on top, and top with whipped cream.  Garnish with a slice of pineapple.:Brandy, blackberry:Rum, light:Cream of coconut:Pineapple Juice:Pineapple:Ice:Whipped cream
Grasshopper:Cocktail glass:2/3 oz. Creme de Cacao, white 2/3 oz. Creme de Menthe, green 2/3 oz. Cream:Shake ingredients for a few seconds in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.:Creme de Cacao, white:Creme de Menthe, green:Cream
Serendipity:Cordial glass:1 oz. Amaretto 1 1/2 oz. Grand Marnier 1 oz. Triple Sec 2 oz. Vodka 1 oz. Grenadine 4 oz. Orange Juice:Mix everything in a shaker, and serve over ice.:Amaretto:Grand Marnier:Triple Sec:Vodka:Grenadine:Orange Juice
New Orleans Hurricane:Hurricane glass:2 oz. Rum, light 1 oz. Rum, overproof/151 proof 8 oz. 7-up 1 oz. Lime Juice 2 oz. Syrup, passion fruit:Shake all ingredients except 151-proof rum in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Pour into a hurricane glass and float the 151-proof rum on top.  Drink through a straw from the bottom up.:Rum, light:Rum, overproof/151 proof:7-up:Lime Juice:Syrup, passion fruit
Margarita (1948 Original):Coupe:1 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 2 oz. Tequila, white 1 oz. Lime Juice:The true authentic margarita invented by Margarita Sames in Aculpulco in 1948.  Shake with ice and pour into a coupe glass with a lightly salted rim. See also Frozen Margarita for the slushy modern version.:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Tequila, white:Lime Juice
Margarita:Coupe:2/3 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1 1/4 oz. Tequila, white 1/2 oz. (or lime juice) Lemon Juice 3 pinches Salt:Salt the rim of a coupe (or coupette) glass. Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into the salt-rimmed glass, and serve.:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Tequila, white:Lemon Juice:Salt
Caesar:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Vodka Fill with Clamato Juice 1 stick Celery 3 dashes Tabasco Sauce 3 dashes Worcestershire Sauce:Rim a highball glass with salt and pepper or bar salt.  Add a bit of ice, then add vodka.  Fill with clamato juice and add tabasco and worcestershire.  Garnish with a stick of celery, a green bean, or a stalk of asparagus.:Vodka:Clamato Juice:Celery:Tabasco Sauce:Worcestershire Sauce
Hot Buttered Rum:Irish Coffee Mug:2 oz. Rum, dark 4 oz. (boiling) Water 1 whole Cloves 1 tsp. Sugar, brown 1 tsp. Butter:Pour the water and the brown sugar into an Irish Coffee glass.  Stir until the brown sugar is dissolved.  Add the Rum and the clove and stir.  Drop the butter on top of the drink, and dust with a light layer of nutmeg.:Rum, dark:Water:Cloves:Sugar, brown:Butter
Screw Gin Fizz:Collins glass:2 oz. Gin 1 oz. Triple Sec Fill with Orange Juice 2 oz. Tonic Water 1 wedge Lime:Put some ice cubes into glass.  Add Gin, Triple Sec, and then tonic water.  Fill with orange juice.  Stir.  Garnish with lime wedge.:Gin:Triple Sec:Orange Juice:Tonic Water:Lime
Peachy Screw Gin Fizz:Collins glass:2 oz. Gin ( Bombay Sapphire ) 1 oz. Schnapps, peach 1/2 oz. Triple Sec Fill with Orange Juice 2 oz. Tonic Water 1 wedge Lime:Put some ice cubes into a glass.  Add Gin, Triple Sec, and Peach Schnapps.  Pour in tonic and orange juice.  Stir.  Garnish with lime wedge.:Gin ( Bombay Sapphire ):Schnapps, peach:Triple Sec:Orange Juice:Tonic Water:Lime
Pina Colada:Hurricane glass:1 oz. Rum, white 1 oz. Coconut Milk 3 oz. Pineapple Juice:Add everything into blender with crushed ice.  Blend, adding ice until desired consistency is reached.  Pour into hurricane glasses and garnish with a pineapple wedge (and/or a cherry), and little umbrellas or a straw.:Rum, white:Coconut Milk:Pineapple Juice
Alice In Wonderland:Old Fashioned glass:1 part Amaretto 1 part Grand Marnier 1 part Southern Comfort:Use an old fashioned glass, and add one part Amaretto, one part Grand Marnier, one part Southern Comfort.:Amaretto:Grand Marnier:Southern Comfort
Screw Gin:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Gin 1 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach Fill with Orange Juice 4 cubes Ice:Put ice into glass and pour in Gin and peach schnapps.  Fill with orange juice.  Stir and enjoy!:Gin:Schnapps, peach:Orange Juice:Ice
Gin And Juice:Highball glass:2 oz. Gin 2 oz. Grapefruit Juice 3 oz. Orange Juice 1 slice Lime:Measure ice into a cocktail shaker with a highball glass.  Add ingredients and shake well.  Pour into highball glass and garnish with a slice of lime.:Gin:Grapefruit Juice:Orange Juice:Lime
Gin and Tonic:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Gin Fill with Tonic Water 1 twist Lime:Build over ice in a highball glass.  Garnish with a twist of lime.:Gin:Tonic Water:Lime
Mimosa:Flute glass:2 1/2 oz. Champagne 2 1/2 oz. Orange Juice:Pour chilled orange juice, and add chilled champagne.:Champagne:Orange Juice
Jager Monster:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. J?germeister 1/2 oz. Grenadine Fill with Orange Juice:Fill a highball glass with ice.  Add Jagermeister, then fill with orange juice.  Add grenadine on top.:J?germeister:Grenadine:Orange Juice
Daiquiri:Cocktail glass:1 1/2 oz. Rum, light 1/6 oz. Syrup, Gomme 1/2 oz. Lime:Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.:Rum, light:Syrup, Gomme:Lime
The Dude's White Russian:Old Fashioned glass:1 part Kahlua 2 parts Vodka Fill with Cream 3 cubes Ice:Add ice, vodka, and Kahlua. Fill to the top with cream. Transfer to a shaker then back into the glass for a good mix.:Kahlua:Vodka:Cream:Ice
Malibu Mojito:Highball glass:1 oz. Rum, coconut ( Malibu ) 1 oz. Carbonated Water/Club Soda 3 wedges Lime 4 leaves Mint 1 tsp. Sugar:Muddle lime wedges, mint leaves, and sugar with a splash of club soda. Fill glass with ice and add the Malibu rum & 1 oz. club soda. Shake all ingredients together. Try not to shake too hard so you don't flatten the soda.:Rum, coconut ( Malibu ):Carbonated Water/Club Soda:Lime:Mint:Sugar
Blue Hawaiian:Highball glass:1 oz. Curacao, blue 1 oz. Rum, light 1 oz. Cream of coconut 2 oz. Pineapple Juice 1 whole Cherries/Maraschinos 1 slice Pineapple 1 Cup Ice:Add all ingredients (except garnishes) to a blender and blend at high speed.  Pour into a highball glass and garnish with the pineapple slice and a cherry.:Curacao, blue:Rum, light:Cream of coconut:Pineapple Juice:Cherries/Maraschinos:Pineapple:Ice
Strawberry Daiquiri:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Rum, light 1/2 oz. Schnapps, strawberry 1 oz. Lime Juice 1 oz. Strawberries 1 tsp. Sugar, powdered:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a cocktail glass.:Rum, light:Schnapps, strawberry:Lime Juice:Strawberries:Sugar, powdered
Tequila Shots:Shot glass:1 1/2 oz. Tequila, gold 1 wedge Lime 1 dash Salt:Pour a shot of tequila.  Lick your hand between your thumb and your forefinger, and cover the wet spot with some salt.  Lick the salt, shoot the tequila and suck on the lime in quick succession.:Tequila, gold:Lime:Salt
Tequila Sunrise:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Tequila, white 1/2 oz. Grenadine 3 oz. Orange Juice:Add orange juice and tequila to a highball glass filled with ice. Splash grenadine on top, garnish with an orange slice and a cherry and a straw.  Do not stir.:Tequila, white:Grenadine:Orange Juice
Martini (dry):Cocktail glass:1 83/100 oz. Gin 1/2 oz. Vermouth, dry 1 whole Olive:Stir 5 parts gin and 1 part vermouth with ice in a mixing glass. Strain into a cocktail glass, add the olive, and serve. An acceptable alternate garnish is to squeeze the oil from a lemon peel into the drink.:Gin:Vermouth, dry:Olive
'57 Chevy:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Gin 1 oz. Southern Comfort 1 oz. Vodka 1 dash Grenadine Fill with Orange Juice Fill with Pineapple Juice:Add the alcoholic ingredients to a cocktail glass without ice.  Fill the rest of the glass with pineapple and orange juice, mixing slightly.  Add a dash of grenadine on top, but don't stir it in.:Gin:Southern Comfort:Vodka:Grenadine:Orange Juice:Pineapple Juice
Blonde Bimbo:Shot glass:1 part Rum, coconut 1 part Schnapps, peach 1 part Tuaca 1 part Pineapple Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into glass.:Rum, coconut:Schnapps, peach:Tuaca:Pineapple Juice
Martini (Extra Dry):Cocktail glass:2 oz. Gin 1 tsp. Vermouth, dry 1 whole Olive:Swish a cocktail glass with a teaspoon of vermouth, discard the excess.  Add the gin and one or two olives on a pick.:Gin:Vermouth, dry:Olive
Vodka Gimlet:Cocktail glass:1 1/2 oz. Vodka 1 oz. Lime Juice 1 tsp. Sugar, powdered:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a cocktail glass.:Vodka:Lime Juice:Sugar, powdered
The Ol' Midori Sour:Old Fashioned glass:2 oz. Liqueur, melon ( Midori ) 1 1/2 oz. Lemon Juice 1 oz. Sugar Syrup:Fill a rocks glass halfway with ice. Take all ingredients and shake, also with ice. Strain into glass. Infinitely better than the "sour mix" version of this drink.:Liqueur, melon ( Midori ):Lemon Juice:Sugar Syrup
Dirty Bizzo:Shot glass:1 part Rum, coconut 1 part Schnapps, peach 1 part Tuaca 1 part Cranberry Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into glass.:Rum, coconut:Schnapps, peach:Tuaca:Cranberry Juice
Emerald Breeze:Cocktail glass:1/2 oz. Liqueur, melon 1 oz. Rum, coconut 1 dash Carbonated Water/Club Soda 1 dash Ginger Ale 1/4 oz. Lime Juice 1 quarter Lime 1 dash Sugar Syrup:Shake all except ginger ale and soda with ice in a shaker, then pour over ice in a long cocktail glass and top with ginger ale and soda.:Liqueur, melon:Rum, coconut:Carbonated Water/Club Soda:Ginger Ale:Lime Juice:Lime:Sugar Syrup
007 Martini:Cocktail glass:2 oz. Gin (Boodles) 2 oz. Vodka (Stolichnaya) 1/2 oz. Vermouth, dry 3 pieces Olive:Add ingredients (except for olives) to a cocktail shaker, shake and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Add olives as garnish.:Gin (Boodles):Vodka (Stolichnaya):Vermouth, dry:Olive
Hawaiian Island Sunset:Highball glass:1 oz. Amaretto 1 oz. Rum, coconut 1 1/2 oz. Rum, mango 1 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 dash Grenadine 2 oz. Lemonade Fill with Pineapple Juice:Build in highball glass filled with ice, stir and enjoy!:Amaretto:Rum, coconut:Rum, mango:Schnapps, peach:Grenadine:Lemonade:Pineapple Juice
Yukon Snakebite:Shot glass:2 oz. Yukon Jack 1 splash Lime Juice:Put Yukon Jack in shot glass and add splash of lime juice.:Yukon Jack:Lime Juice
SoCo & Lime:Shot glass:1 splash Lime Cordial (Rose's) 1 shot Southern Comfort:It's best to prepare multiple shots at the same time. Start with a cup full of ice, add Southern Comfort until the cup is almost full. Then add lime juice as desired, mix and pour into shot glasses. Enjoy!:Lime Cordial (Rose's):Southern Comfort
Bahama Mama:Collins glass:1 1/2 oz. Rum, dark 1 1/2 oz. Rum, gold 1 1/2 oz. Rum, light 1 dash Grenadine 2 1/2 oz. Orange Juice 2 oz. Pineapple Juice 2 oz. Sour Mix:Put a dash of grenadine on the bottom of the glass.  Fill with cracked ice and add ingredients.  Stir very gently before serving.:Rum, dark:Rum, gold:Rum, light:Grenadine:Orange Juice:Pineapple Juice:Sour Mix
Simple Cocaine:Highball glass:1 oz. Amaretto 1 oz. Southern Comfort Fill with Pineapple Juice:Build over ice in a highball glass.:Amaretto:Southern Comfort:Pineapple Juice
Elysium:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 oz. Vodka 1 1/2 oz. Orange Juice 1 1/2 oz. Pineapple Juice:Ambrosia of the gods.  Shake all the ingredients together in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a cocktail glass. This combination also makes a great blended drink if you blend the ingredients with ice.:Schnapps, peach:Vodka:Orange Juice:Pineapple Juice
Blue Margarita:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Curacao, blue 1 1/2 oz. Tequila, white 1 oz. Lime Juice (coarse) Salt:Salt the rim of a cocktail glass using lime juice and bar salt.  Add ingredients to cocktail shaker with ice. Shake and strain into salted glass.:Curacao, blue:Tequila, white:Lime Juice:Salt
Electric Smurf:Hurricane glass:1 oz. Curacao, blue 1 oz. Rum, coconut Fill with Pineapple Juice Fill with Sprite:Fill lower half of glass with ice cubes.  Add rum and curacao. Fill glass half with pineapple juice, and half with Sprite. Stir slightly and serve.:Curacao, blue:Rum, coconut:Pineapple Juice:Sprite
Sex On The Beach:Highball glass:2/3 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 1/3 oz. Vodka 1 1/3 oz. Cranberry Juice 1 1/3 oz. Orange Juice:Combine ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Shake and strain into a highball glass filled with ice.:Schnapps, peach:Vodka:Cranberry Juice:Orange Juice
Charm City Classic:Collins glass:1 1/2 oz. Grand Marnier 5 oz. Iced Tea 5 oz. Lemonade:First, mix the Iced tea and the Lemonade in a separate glass. Add the grand marnier to a second collins glass. Then, pour the mixed contents of the Iced Tea-Lemonade into the glass with the Grand Marnier. Stir and drink.:Grand Marnier:Iced Tea:Lemonade
Sex With Jennifer:Collins glass:1 1/2 oz. Rum, coconut 1 oz. Triple Sec 1 1/2 oz. Vodka 1 dash Grenadine Fill with Pineapple Juice:Mix in glass, drink fast.:Rum, coconut:Triple Sec:Vodka:Grenadine:Pineapple Juice
Vodka Martini:Cocktail glass:1/2 oz. Vermouth, dry 1 83/100 oz. Vodka:Add all ingredients into a mixing glass with ice cubes. Stir well and strain into a cocktail glass. Squeeze the oil from a lemon peel onto the drink.  Optionally garnish with a green cocktail olive.:Vermouth, dry:Vodka
Amaretto Sour:Sour glass:2 oz. Amaretto 1 oz. Lemon Juice 1 slice Oranges:It takes a bit of skill to make a truly good Amaretto Sour.  First of all, use fresh lemon juice whenever possible, and use a chilled sour glass as well.  Rub the rim of your glass with a lemon slice, and dip it in bar sugar until the rim is well frosted.  Shake amaretto and lemon juice in a shaker, then strain into sour glass.  Garnish with an orange slice or maraschino cherry, and enjoy!:Amaretto:Lemon Juice:Oranges
Wild Wet Dream:Collins glass:1 part Curacao, blue 1 part Liqueur, melon 1 part Rum, coconut 3 parts Cranberry Juice:Add equal parts of alcohol over ice and fill glass with cranberry juice.:Curacao, blue:Liqueur, melon:Rum, coconut:Cranberry Juice
Fuzzy Shark:Collins glass:1/2 oz. Curacao, blue 1 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach 4 oz. Orange Juice 1 Cup Ice:Blend everything (except curacao) together until smooth.  Pour into glass and splash on the curacao.:Curacao, blue:Schnapps, peach:Orange Juice:Ice
Singapore Sling:Collins glass:17/100 oz. Benedictine 2/3 oz. Brandy, cherry 17/100 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1 1/3 oz. Gin 1 dash Bitters, Angostura 1/3 oz. Grenadine 1 oz. Lemon Juice 2 2/3 oz. Pineapple Juice:Shake all ingredients in a cocktail shaker filled with ice cubes. Strain into a highball glass. Garnish with a pineapple wedge and a maraschino cherry.:Benedictine:Brandy, cherry:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Gin:Bitters, Angostura:Grenadine:Lemon Juice:Pineapple Juice
The Big Dinky Drinky:Highball glass:1 shot Irish Cream ( Bailey's ) 1 shot Kahlua 1 shot Vodka 1 Cup Milk Banana:This is for your bachelorette party and other crazy girls! You'll have to cut about 2 inches off the banana (six inches usually works well).  Use something to pierce a hole through the center of the banana, the long way (a chopstick works well).  Then, freeze the banana.  When served, simply place the banana into the glass and you have a really fun straw.  Be careful though, cause this can get pretty messy real quick. Have a towel or napkin ready. You can really use this with many different drinks.  Also, whipped cream can be used to top it off!:Irish Cream ( Bailey's ):Kahlua:Vodka:Milk:Banana
Sex With The Bartender:Collins glass:1 1/2 oz. Rum, light 1 1/2 oz. Schnapps, strawberry 1 splash Cranberry Juice Fill with Orange Juice:Mix everything together in glass with ice.:Rum, light:Schnapps, strawberry:Cranberry Juice:Orange Juice
Sex With Jenny:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Rum, coconut 1/2 oz. Triple Sec 1 oz. Vodka 1 dash Grenadine 3 oz. Orange Juice:Combine all ingredients except grenadine in a cocktail shaker with ice. Shake and strain into a cocktail glass and add a dash of grenadine. Drink fast!:Rum, coconut:Triple Sec:Vodka:Grenadine:Orange Juice
Amaretto Sunrise:Highball glass:1/3 oz. Amaretto 1 tsp. Grenadine 4 oz. Orange Juice:Put amaretto and orange juice into a highball glass.  Put the grenadine in around the sides of the glass using a spoon.  Serve.:Amaretto:Grenadine:Orange Juice
Liquid Cocaine #2:Shot glass:2 1/2 oz. Amaretto 1/4 oz. Grand Marnier 1/4 oz. Southern Comfort 1/4 oz. Vodka 1 splash Pineapple Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into an extremely large shot glass.:Amaretto:Grand Marnier:Southern Comfort:Vodka:Pineapple Juice
Southern Sex:Highball glass:3 oz. Southern Comfort Fill with Lemonade 1 twist Lemon:Put lemon twist into glass and pour in liquids. Don't mix it too much, it'll slowly mix itself, but it looks great to serve - dark at the bottom, light at the top. Really refreshing and easy to make!:Southern Comfort:Lemonade:Lemon
Beautiful:Snifter:1 oz. Cognac 1 oz. Grand Marnier:Combine ingredients in a brandy snifter.:Cognac:Grand Marnier
Island Breeze:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 1/2 oz. Sour Apple Pucker 1 dash Grenadine 4 oz. Pineapple Juice Fill with Sprite:Build over ice, stir, and enjoy!:Schnapps, peach:Sour Apple Pucker:Grenadine:Pineapple Juice:Sprite
Goombay Smach:Highball glass:1 oz. Liqueur, banana 1 oz. Rum, coconut 2 oz. Orange Juice 2 oz. Pineapple Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a highball glass filled with ice.  If desired, float 1/2 oz. dark rum on top.:Liqueur, banana:Rum, coconut:Orange Juice:Pineapple Juice
Kashmeister:Collins glass:1 shot J?germeister 2 shots Cranberry Juice:Add some ice if you want, then add ingredients and stir to mix together.:J?germeister:Cranberry Juice
Wild Sex:Hurricane glass:1 oz. Rum, coconut 1/2 oz. Rum, overproof/151 proof 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 oz. Cranberry Juice 1 splash Grenadine 1 oz. Orange Juice 1 oz. Pineapple Juice:Shake everything (except grenadine) with ice.  Pour into a hurricane glass with some ice, splash a bit of grenadine over the ice.:Rum, coconut:Rum, overproof/151 proof:Schnapps, peach:Cranberry Juice:Grenadine:Orange Juice:Pineapple Juice
Lynchburg Lemonade:Highball glass:1 oz. Jack Daniel's 1 oz. Triple Sec Fill with 7-up 1 1/2 oz. Sour Mix:Shake all ingredients except 7-up in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a highball glass and fill with 7-up.:Jack Daniel's:Triple Sec:7-up:Sour Mix
Dancing Bear:Hurricane glass:1/2 oz. Amaretto 1/2 oz. Gin 1/2 oz. Liqueur, raspberry 1/2 oz. Rum, coconut 1/2 oz. Rum, light 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach 1/2 oz. Southern Comfort 1/2 oz. Tequila, white 1/2 oz. Triple Sec 1/2 oz. Vodka 3 oz. Cranberry Juice 1 dash Grenadine 3 oz. Pineapple Juice:Put ingredients into tin, shake, and pour over ice.  Put seatbelt on and enjoy.:Amaretto:Gin:Liqueur, raspberry:Rum, coconut:Rum, light:Schnapps, peach:Southern Comfort:Tequila, white:Triple Sec:Vodka:Cranberry Juice:Grenadine:Pineapple Juice
Long Island Iced Tea:Collins glass:1 part Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1 part Gin 1 part Rum, white 2 parts Syrup, Gomme 1 part Tequila, white 1 part Vodka 1 part Cola 2 parts Lemon Juice:Pour everything into a collins glass, splashing cola on tthe top, and stir gently.  Garnish with a lemon spiral and a straw.:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Gin:Rum, white:Syrup, Gomme:Tequila, white:Vodka:Cola:Lemon Juice
Kamikaze:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1 oz. Vodka 1 oz. Lime Juice 1 wedge Lime:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a cocktail glass.  Garnish with a lime wedge and a stir stick.:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Vodka:Lime Juice:Lime
Apple Martini:Cocktail glass:1/2 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1/2 oz. Sour Apple Pucker 1 1/3 oz. Vodka:Stir ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice, and strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with an apple slice.:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Sour Apple Pucker:Vodka
Sex On The Beach #3:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Rum, coconut ( Malibu ) 1 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 splash Grenadine Fill with Orange Juice 1 piece Cherries/Maraschinos:Combine coconut rum, peach schnapps, orange juice and grenadine in cocktail shaker with ice. Shake. Pour into tall glass with ice. Add cherry.:Rum, coconut ( Malibu ):Schnapps, peach:Grenadine:Orange Juice:Cherries/Maraschinos
Ruby Relaxer:Highball glass:1 oz. Rum, coconut 1 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 oz. Vodka 2 oz. Cranberry Juice 2 oz. Pineapple Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into glass.:Rum, coconut:Schnapps, peach:Vodka:Cranberry Juice:Pineapple Juice
Death Of A Virgin:Irish Coffee Mug:1 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach 1 1/2 oz. Vodka Fill 1/2 7-up 1 oz. Lime Juice Fill 1/2 Orange Juice:Add peach schnapps, vodka and lime juice to an irish coffee mug.  Fill half way with orange juice and the rest with 7-up.  Stir well.:Schnapps, peach:Vodka:7-up:Lime Juice:Orange Juice
A Day At The Beach:Highball glass:1/2 oz. Amaretto 1 oz. Rum, coconut 1/2 oz. Grenadine 4 oz. Orange Juice Wedge of Pineapple Strawberries:A definite beach drink!  Shake everything except your garnishes in a cocktail shaker filled with ice.  Strain into a highball glass half-full of cubed ice.  Serve with pineapple wedge and a strawberry as a garnish.:Amaretto:Rum, coconut:Grenadine:Orange Juice:Pineapple:Strawberries
Watercolour:Highball glass:1/2 oz. Curacao, blue 1/2 oz. Liqueur, raspberry 1/2 oz. Schnapps, peach Fill with Pineapple Juice 1 whole Cherries/Maraschinos:Combine ingredients in a highball glass.  Garnish with a cherry.:Curacao, blue:Liqueur, raspberry:Schnapps, peach:Pineapple Juice:Cherries/Maraschinos
Malibu Twist:Highball glass:2 oz. Rum, coconut 3 oz. 7-up 1 splash Grenadine 3 oz. Orange Juice:Fill glass 1/2 full of ice. Pour in Malibu Rum. Next add 7-up and OJ, then stir. Add splash of Grenadine for color.:Rum, coconut:7-up:Grenadine:Orange Juice
Blueberry Tea:Irish Coffee Mug:1 oz. Amaretto 1 oz. Triple Sec Fill with (hot) Tea:Combine ingredients in a tea or coffee mug.  Earl grey tea is good with this recipe!:Amaretto:Triple Sec:Tea
Malibu Bay Breeze:Highball glass:2 oz. Rum, coconut 2 oz. Cranberry Juice 2 oz. Pineapple Juice:Add everything to a glass with ice and stir.:Rum, coconut:Cranberry Juice:Pineapple Juice
Paco Mix:Beer Mug:1 oz. Vodka ( Absolut ) 1 can Beer (Sol) 1 oz. Tequila, gold 2 1/2 twists Lemon 2 pinches Salt 1/2 scoop Tabasco Sauce 1/2 scoop Worcestershire Sauce:In a beer mug add ice, lemon and salt, then add the beer, stir a bit, add the tabasco sauce and the worcestershire sauce. Finally add the tequila and vodka.:Vodka ( Absolut ):Beer (Sol):Tequila, gold:Lemon:Salt:Tabasco Sauce:Worcestershire Sauce
Caucasian:Old Fashioned glass:1 1/2 oz. Kahlua 2 oz. Vodka as desired Cream:Add vodka and Kahlua to a rocks glass over ice.  Fill with desired amount of cream.:Kahlua:Vodka:Cream
Panty Hamster:Shot glass:1 part J?germeister 1 part Liqueur, melon 1 part Liqueur, raspberry 2 parts Cranberry Juice:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into glass.:J?germeister:Liqueur, melon:Liqueur, raspberry:Cranberry Juice
Caramel Apple Martini:Cocktail glass:2 parts Schnapps, butterscotch 2 parts Sour Apple Pucker 1 part Vodka:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.:Schnapps, butterscotch:Sour Apple Pucker:Vodka
Alien Secretion #2:Highball glass:1 part Liqueur, melon 1 part Rum, coconut 1 part Pineapple Juice:Combine ingredients in a glass.:Liqueur, melon:Rum, coconut:Pineapple Juice
The Berserker:Highball glass:1 1/2 oz. Amaretto Fill with Pineapple Juice:Build over ice in a highball glass.:Amaretto:Pineapple Juice
Roman Coffee:Irish Coffee Mug:1 oz. Galliano Fill with Coffee 1 pinch Cinnamon 1 wedge Lemon 1 pinch (freshly grated) Nutmeg 2 tsp. Sugar 1 puff Whipped cream:Squeeze a lemon wedge inside an Irish coffee mug, and wipe the juice all around the sides of the glass using the wedge.  Empty excess juice. Next add the sugar and rotate the glass until the sugar completely covers the inside of the glass. Add the Galliano and set it alight so that it caramelizes the sugar; (keep the glass rotating to avoid it cracking from uneven heating.... done properly you can even use a thin crystal 'tulip glass' safely). Once the sugar has started to caramelize, add strong black coffee, top it up with the whipped cream, add the cinnamon and freshly ground nutmeg.  Serve immediately. Tip: Warm the Galliano first, it'll be easier to set alight.:Galliano:Coffee:Cinnamon:Lemon:Nutmeg:Sugar:Whipped cream
Black Anaconda:Mason Jar:3 oz. Cognac ( Hennessy ) 2 oz. Hpnotiq 1 oz. J?germeister:Chill all three ingredients. Mix in shaker and pour into frosted mason jar.:Cognac ( Hennessy ):Hpnotiq:J?germeister
Everhart:Highball glass:1 part Whiskey, Canadian ( Crown Royal ) 1 part Amaretto ( Disaronno ) 2 parts Cola ( Coca-Cola ):Build over ice in a highball glass.:Whiskey, Canadian ( Crown Royal ):Amaretto ( Disaronno ):Cola ( Coca-Cola )
Salty Chihuahua:Collins glass:1 1/2 oz. Tequila, gold Fill with Grapefruit Juice:Rim a tall glass with salt and fill it with ice.  Add tequila and fill with grapefruit juice.  Garnish with a pink grapefruit wheel.:Tequila, gold:Grapefruit Juice
Moran O' Sweet:Highball glass:1/2 oz. Amaretto ( Disaronno ) 1 1/4 oz. Vodka, vanilla 3 drops Lemon Juice Fill with Orange Juice:Shake amaretto, vodka, and orange juice in a shaker filled with ice. Strain into a highball glass with ice. Add 3 drops of lemon juice on top.:Amaretto ( Disaronno ):Vodka, vanilla:Lemon Juice:Orange Juice
Raspberry Martini:Cocktail glass:1 oz. Liqueur, raspberry (Chambord) 1 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1 splash Lime Cordial (Rose's) 1 1/2 oz. Vodka, raspberry (Stolichnaya Razberi) 1 oz. Cranberry Juice:Combine all ingredients in a mixing tin.  Shake very well.  Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.  Garnish with lemon and lime zest.  A fresh raspberry is also nice.:Liqueur, raspberry (Chambord):Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Lime Cordial (Rose's):Vodka, raspberry (Stolichnaya Razberi):Cranberry Juice
Sour Apple Martini:Cocktail glass:1 1/2 oz. Sour Apple Pucker 1/2 oz. Triple Sec 1/2 oz. Vodka 1 1/2 oz. Sour Mix:In shaker, add all ingredients over small amount of ice.  Shake & strain into chilled martini glass.  Garnish with cherry in bottom of glass.:Sour Apple Pucker:Triple Sec:Vodka:Sour Mix
Apple Pie (Bulk):Shot glass:1 qt. Everclear 1 gal. Apple Juice 1 gal. Cider, apple 7 sticks Cinnamon Stick 800 g (4 Cups) Sugar:Mix apple juice, apple cider, sugar, and cinnamon sticks together. Boil until cinnamon sticks lose flavor. Add Everclear. Refrigerate.:Everclear:Apple Juice:Cider, apple:Cinnamon Stick:Sugar
Cosmopolitan:Cocktail glass:1/2 oz. Triple Sec ( Cointreau ) 1 1/3 oz. Vodka, lemon 1 oz. Cranberry Juice 1 slice Lime:Shake ingredients in a cocktail shaker with ice.  Strain into a cocktail glass and garnish with a lime slice.:Triple Sec ( Cointreau ):Vodka, lemon:Cranberry Juice:Lime
Liquid Marijuana:Hurricane glass:1/2 oz. Rum, spiced (Captain Morgan's) 1/2 oz. Curacao, blue 1/2 oz. Rum, coconut ( Malibu ) 1/2 oz. Liqueur, melon ( Midori ) Fill with Pineapple Juice 1 splash Sour Mix:Put all measured ingredients in glass and fill the remainder with pineapple juice. Shake vigorously. Garnish with a flag.:Rum, spiced (Captain Morgan's):Curacao, blue:Rum, coconut ( Malibu ):Liqueur, melon ( Midori ):Pineapple Juice:Sour Mix
Irish Trash Can:Collins glass:1 part Curacao, blue 1 part Gin 1 part Rum, light 1 part Schnapps, peach 1 part Triple Sec 1 part Vodka 1 can Red Bull:Fill glass full of ice, then add all liquors and stir.  Add full can of Red Bull.  It will float and slowly seep down the glass, turning the mix green, hence the name Irish Trash Can!:Curacao, blue:Gin:Rum, light:Schnapps, peach:Triple Sec:Vodka:Red Bull
